Minutes of Meeting 3: Simon, Ifetayo, Mo
-----------------------------------------------
Date: 23th Feb 2015
Start: 15:00
End: 15:30

Next Meeting: 25th Feb 12:00

Topics Discussed:
—- Assignment part 2 released and discussed. Task - design a Chess program
—- Open issues and questions - SH to discuss with Dr Mora (arranged Tuesday 24 16:00)
—- SH to create issues log etc
—- Ifetayo suggested we all bring initial design ideas on Class structure to Wednesday lecture
—- SH to set up requirements spec

Progress Since Last Meeting:
-- Assignment 1 submitted on time

TODO:
-- All = Set up microsoft accounts for using visual studio online.
—- SH to set up meeting with Dr Mora, and request extension (done)
—- Initial Class design ideas by Wednesday

Questions for Dr Mora

What devices do we need to run on - can we exclude IOS & OS X?
Assuming Java - hence problems with IOS & OS X
Is a web only solution acceptable?
Android, do we need to supply APK file?
Who will sign off the requirements?
Clarify ‘ Computer, Human, Network.’
Device to device - same subnet?
Ports blocked at Swansea?

